[Music]
I don't know someone send it to me on
Twitter so just use the yeah someone
sent the Mike and Melissa won the big
the cat one and the guy I don't know who
the guy is I just use them to fill up
the space at the bottom so above him
that's burger and oh that's Adam oh I
know that that's burger Andy oh okay
that's Adam a shrimp yeah this is named
Jonathan Q shrimp laying your janta Q
shrimp Lee he's dead now that's Jonathan
Q shrimp laying he was born in 2007 holy
[__] okay uh you know that's a different
guy's head on the left picture that's a
dip the tot that's a really I love my
job it's a nice retirement look at that
I wonder if this will actually blow back
into my targets
yeah probably ever Ryan [__] I am Mike
the hardcore and awesome
hey Mike the hardcore and awesome that's
really shirt the whole thing what's
what's the name of Michael listen
my key Melissa Mike and Melissa that's
it oh no oh [__] it's a little more
gonna blow up and kill me oh he lives he
yet lives he get lives with 42 health
myself yet it's never lived
oh oh oh and cream is going dude the
fire leg is melting away at this stage
you ask the attack that random dudes
face yeah if I crazy or does the fire
this keep dissolved the grad a lot
quicker than it does in the oh it does
yeah this whole game is faster hockey
poor guy John Q shriveling oh he's done
that's the him thinking high level ideas
I gave him a [__] emo haircut
he was balding but now he's happy again
yeah big the cat's right here which is
completely separated from his body
Omar be nice to pupal tank thank you for
sparing pupal tank intern ye look how
thin that like [__] fishing rod is
that's what I was that's good really
like I love just to be funny through it
some fat guy the arm hairs use walkover
you get stuck in every arm hair you're
probably going you have to jump the
whole way oh [__] oh [__]
goodbye I am very very horny I will need
to come
I'm sowing quit would come I will do in
small please to exam will be better
would come it's my love no fat but it
hurts my bone it does give me I do it by
doing a shop all my boy and I feel my
cognitive increase but I do if I dam so
back it would come come it's this old
trick again is crazy [__] shoots of
light it actually physically throws
people if you well i mallets we call it
double oh my god you're on one health
you [__]
oh my god I'm still alive yeah you're
still in the game with pupal tank Wow
that killing off Linden that's all I can
tease well no you know what no no kill
Chris is to get oh there you could
potentially get health don't give it up
don't give it up Oh cuz you're in the
lead Oh somebody capitalize on the group
together don't do it you take everything
from me
sure Adams heads protect you from an
aerial strike
I sure hope so Adams heads are watching
over you wide I'm not a head you're
connected to his little blue guy should
have a child and then put a put those in
the mobile above above its bed let him
grow up looking at little Adams I don't
think my child would like me anymore he
would like you but he'd love Adam oh my
god why would you do that
[__] mean that's bullying I'm going
for you next you don't know please don't
little it up please don't little it
please done it up get it please do the
bully has become the bullet but the
bullied has been cut [__] brahh get up
you stupid little get the [__] okay
let's try this yeah my crazy use the
back flip that like the back flip is way
lamer in this sure it is active you
can't even do anything just like that
this freaking sucks my dick it's too
risky
you know what I'm just gonna it's gonna
do that here you go thank you Jeff back
[__] idiot thank he's gone ah they're
both God so [__] sad do you guys get
for ganging up on me just because I was
all hard old in one pile one word pile
if you will one little extra crispy old
water don't do it don't do a little Bob
don't do it
say you're filthy about the Barry
Goldwater campaign it was fast it was
Barry Goldwater dies that's what you get
you [__] monster well I gotta get out
of here
don't where's coming for me we're
converging on his position I'm gonna try
and get you with a trickshot things
about Lyle is he goes absolutely wild if
you give him a mr. Pibb he'll chop up a
delicate I mean he'll make cute little
hamster noises I mean it's adorable you
can't you can't get enough of this I
really can't go through this job if guys
if you're ever gonna draw a fan out of
the only place group make sure to give
Lyla mr. Pibb and make sure the mr. Pibb
facing outward we have to be able to
read the visitor pick you so we know we
know what he's drinking
it's Homer that was really lame using a
[__] guided missile like that tell
bars in your dog there is no he's not I
am you've got three worms but he's got
more health way more health oh that's
yeah for the moment for the moment Bach
oh oh he's everybody's got to Lamar was
just a little bit higher he would have
been [__]
Lamar right now I see why he's called
that yeah it's perfect a little more use
the rope and get that help and then from
that point use a whistle
hey smiley Tuesday I'm so glad a worm
connected to my chin once what the crack
that work was on my chin I hope another
worm doesn't go on my chin today
I'd be so [__] pissed up why did you
do that that was that rock whoa sweet
Liza oh no you know what
some sacrifice foot now Chris is the
other dog I've always been the underdog
what's the hell this is classy burger in
helping owners get clip on and Adams
little eyebrow come on you [__]
stupid worm get up
are you kidding me you [__] ugly
stupid [__] worm get up No
are you [__] gay can't [__]
believe in the suit
okay so you got 18 seconds you have this
not that you're selecting betrayed you I
don't like you you think you were doing
that seven seconds get out there bro
bore a striking crowbar [__] Pato
that is so lame [__] [__] that the
United States has foreign policy for the
last twenty years has been lame Chris
it's yes it's [__] [__] are you
Jewish
yes if he's doing this [__] absolutely
oh yah oh yah oh my huh yeah no wind huh
no who's dealer Chris what here strike
him he's got a hundred health you won't
die from it you won't know if you fall I
will do it
[Applause]
yeah that's the American Way
well played thanks baby
all of these are the weirdest a [__]
collection of JP you said Mr Krabs
they're big cats there again yeah he's
in the back perfect a city boy it's a
shame everyone else but he he [__]
showed what he got everyone else trying
to outdo him now that's a hole he said
chew on this and then shot the chewing
clown fire big the cat's [__] fried I
learned how to chew in the follow my god
yeah the slide real life what is the
slide
yeah it's like a weird whoa it is what
it sounds like it's all it needs to be
what does it sound okay I get you a
chair sir okay here we go
take one of these your brutes
yeah found a sandwich what are you doing
yeah do it wait you're not a dealer to
to a worms at once all your green now
[__] I don't want to go for use egg
that's just cruel is it that guy a
shotgun barrel we'll pull the trigger
see if it's should move to the left I
intentionally didn't say anything did
you get two more you should pay more
attention you drowsy [__] slob I dub
tired it's like freely honey Sunday
night are you jay-z a nice indeed just
smoking some meth and chilling out
digging holes and punching do all this
for me oh my god I don't do that just
see you understand I just want you to
know that as a fact your womb had pure
malice in his voice Oh poo pool tank I
love pupal tank
yo peg I know slow Mar looks like an
easy target but that's exactly good
reason to ignore him for a while yeah
you're right you're right he's a target
no nobody great ever got where they were
by but by taking the easy way out
I talked to something like most of them
I also listened too much shut up trains
planes man
how did that work
I guess I'm very well I think all the
momentum just drove him into the
cliffside so it just got negated Opel
tank you shouldn't have tried that see
you later good bye how could you do that
to towbar it's one thing to take out
your anger on pupal tank but don't worry
you should go into hiding for a while
dude oh oh you're gonna blow up Mike's
head yeah just until this all blows I
collapse now this is my bungle game
really really dude
hey hey hey hey yep Hey No
now whatever you do don't do exactly
what I just did to you don't do it to me
there's a big says look yeah look dude
you you're sorry remember if you don't
like little guys position you do have
change worm your Yoda's little like
shoulder angel right there yeah I did
yeah
[Laughter]
mwah using the win to your advantage
Oh clearly not that was the craziest
shot I've ever [__] seen crazy as in
it was ridiculously insane he even tried
to do that [__] yeah how could he Alf
Landen alphys looking a whole would [__]
directions this round we'll choose your
alliances for the rest of this entire
game or just one I want you to know hey
man you know what smells most in that
hole what about the [__] that don't
finish that since how do I switch
[__] words [__]
I think Tamar's just lying to you when
he says that you can do that yeah I know
because will say that you can hit tap
the world
it's the third thing on line 12 yeah but
so I just selected it like press space
it didn't do anything no you have to do
it when when it goes you look right
right there oh is that the only time you
can do it I think so I see okay this lat
I'm just gonna make a [__] shot and
see what happens to our do orde about
welfare girls okay buddy
look Barry Barry Goldwater god what a
[__] mess Oh
hit myself you did one damage to
Pinocchio what does he told Omar kill a
fat bastard this may the truth does he
get it you got to leave it this way uh
what's your name Omar
think of it this way if you kill that
bastard deep within my scrotum
Master insert my penis there he found in
the dirt of his tree that he was in was
sitting in the dint of Yoda's brain kind
of disrespectful to the last Jedi yeah I
would never do it to the last generation
is brave my carrot did artery you have
severed artery is take this [__] out
it's gonna be crazy
get off a layer
hey wait a minute Batman we're all Fleur
wait just a damn minute that damn bar
over there now you just you you up work
do you better out of it that's kind of
[__] up oh yeah what if he had worms I
didn't even think that dude I'm really
sorry
where the hell's the jetpack oh there it
is like a cartoon [__] getting hit by
a metal drop the [__] anvil on my
head hey what the hell did you do that
ooh we almost got pushed in though haha
you might even fall in next time when
you turn into a happy pirate chris is a
little bit warped I got to tell you
twisted mind of Chris O'Neil dude yes
let's all get up guys let's go what did
I do
where's the one in that I'm the ultimate
lead he's the one who should be killed
every [__] butt in every game that
we've played overall he's in the lead
yes he wins cuz we all attack each other
- he trades victorious yeah you [__]
piece of [__] oh my god well fat
master's [__] ready to kill you Tom
are you [__] why I didn't do that oh
you've made me mad this time to do that
it was tomorrow I saw that look in his
eye that glimmer of evil definitely
bastard get [__] bomb
the drones when the slat gets desperate
things take a turn Chris that little
green it's a little oh [__] you're
burning him so he's really screaming
yeah oh there he goes you guys hear that
[__] drum being played up don't good
dog yeah yeah it makes me feel like
there's an air of mystery about this
round it's kind of beautiful that's
exactly what I would describe this image
as she's what you better don't do it
don't do what you're thinking about
doing
oh god no fat man I can't get out of my
little hole you're gonna make a little
crater there think what that crater be
big enough so I can't get out the rim
Tomer if I froze your body in the ice
for 4,000 years and then I held a
lighter up to your toe would you would
you get ticklish or would you just whoa
cold water if I froze you with ice five
thousand years and woke you up in the
future then we shoot into society you
went insane would you blame me or did
you blame yourself or something I in
this hypothetical like 4020 animal
crossing or that you got a little
preview there can you like speed your
voice up for like me could I pitch
Oh God Oh what would you do what would
you do to our Lord you do - - would I do
- what would you learn that language or
would you just kill yourself like in the
ant scenario I think you've said I
definitely kill myself were your exact
words like in that situation you would
like if there was like 20 people
surrounding you like government
officials being like where'd you come
from but they're all like I don't blame
you for doing that say I really did I
was digging my way down to him was what
that my whole plan is out the window now
I don't know what the [__] to do with my
life
poor Yoda's righty or Lefty right this
poor [__] ears really makes me sad
reporte I haven't been going for your
guy please and your we why the hell did
I do that
white Omar why a donut crease you just
expected your chickens would never come
home to roost I don't like that I don't
like that I lost every time I lose in a
video game
I could another little scar in my arm
lose a video game I cut a piece of my
arm off as a remind and they eat it well
guess it's the [__] versus each other
again once more
a little vagina damn you burnt him all
opportu did I guess we're [__]
violating the Geneva Convention now so
[Laughter]
this risk it all Zack I'm Lyle I sit
inside Yoda's tummy and shoot that was
what my [__] ultimate play was but it
got it got up ended just sitting in the
middle of oh do the kamikaze move move
all the way to the left you're gonna
miss them no don't actually do it though
cuz it will kill you oh you little son
of a [__] probably being a coward as
usual there is a nice little hole roars
tell me should be well no airstrikes are
gonna work from here you think I won't
come for you you could potentially kill
him with the torch he's only got 16 L oh
my god oh [__] that would be the best
bet yeah let's get it over with yeah
we're just hanging out buddy you can't
even do [__] here just having a time Oh
Zack think about what you could do to
end it right here right now think about
what I did to your way down the shaft
and you threw me yeah is that gonna kill
him he killed me didn't kill you
power-play I was like sitting there
licking your earlobe
you know what Lyle would some I want
some one more one took this one Sofia
won the most you guys all out there's
the fans and we just want to say thank
you you know while I could we always
said before he's deal with boils and so
what I'll be doing boils Tom waters got
his his brain injury since the railroad
thing happened to him mmmmmm and I'm
totally fine so ever worried about that
but yeah yeah there's a lot of people
out there they're separate so on and so
forth in every dollar in penny you got
ever just every time you guys watch
everything out so but unrelated Zak's
train company is facing a class-action
lawsuit or railway accidents you're not
allowed to Birdman up before the
interview we're gonna bring that up and
now you're bringing it up that ayran hey
dole train spike didn't really hold too
good
pierced Tamar's bra